Purpose: We all speak to ourselves whether we do it outloud or in our head. If you stop and pay attention to the voice that is in your head you will realize that you speak to yourself more than you think. Sadly when we start to pay attention to our thoughts we realize that we often are really negative towards ourselves and we are feeding ourselves instructions for failure rather than success. The purpose of this website is to provide people with the right information that they need to stop self sabotage and to begin creating the life they want starting with the words they use inside their heads. 


Audience: In all reality this website is for anyone who wants things to improve in their life and have yet to train their inner leader. 


Did you know that you are a robot that controls itself? No i’m being serious we humans are machines capable of doing all sorts of great, but also horrible things. The only difference between us and a robot is that we choose what instructions to give ourselves and then just like a robot we follow them. 


You might not believe me, but if you have ever heard of the phrase “Self fulfilling prophecy” this is precisely what I am speaking about. How often do you tell yourself that you are going to score horribly on a test and perform well? How often do we say that we are going to be nice to someone and then be mean? Probably rarely and that is becasue we believe what we tell ourselves and if we tell ourselves that we are going to fail and believe it then do you really think that we are going to put forth the right amount of effort believing that we are just going to fail? No and who would??? Why waste your time??? We believe the words we tell ourselves and they in turn become a self fulfilling prophecy. It’s not magic, it’s reality. We follow the instructions that we give ourselves. 


Once you realize that I am right, you might then want to use your words to better accomplish your goals in life. Where should you start? 


First you need to become aware of what you are telling to yourself to realize what you need to change. 


It is definitely not easy using your words to create the world that you would like, but there are a few simple guidelines to help you to become the person that uses your words wisely to create the results that you want instead of letting your words destroy your hopes and dreams by breaking down the very thing that you are trying to build. 
1. Start paying attention to what you tell yourself each day. This can be hard so the best way to start is by paying attention to your thoughts when you are feeling down in the day and start linking your thoughts with your performance and how you are feeling. Tip: Start taking 10 minutes everyday and doing a mindfulness meditation. This is where you stop doing things and pay attention to what is going on all around you and also inside yourself. This way you can start paying attention to your thoughts and gain more control of what is usually going on unconsciously inside yourself. 
2. Think of something realistic that you could believe yourself about how you are going to perform. It is essentially that you can believe it yourself or else your brain will spit it out as bad instructions and not take them seriously. 
3. Tell yourself your new positive instructions that help you to achieve your goals a few times. 
4. Go out there and follow your new instructions!
   1. Helpful tip: Start taking note of the negative instructions that you give yourself each day that aren’t helping you achieve your goals. Take each of the negative phrases and using the guidelines from above create a new instruction that helps you to achieve your goals. Make a list of these changed instructions and read them every morning until you start believing and following the instructions that you give yourself.
Expert Tip:
By small and simple things are great things brought to pass. Start small master and move on. And eventually you will find yourself always using your words to create the reality that you desire in your life. 


We as humans are very forgetful. You will need to find a system that works for yourself to help you consistently become aware of your thoughts, and change them to help you. And then frequently read them until the desired changes come into your life.